@setfilename spassfaq.info
@settitle frequently asked questions about SPASS

@page
@node spassfaq, , tptp2dfg, Top
@chapter spassfaq

@section QUESTIONS

Q:      How can I get an answer substitution?

@section ANSWERS

A:      There are no meta predicates in SPASS available. Hence,
        this functionality is not directly supported. However it
        can be achieved by a trick. The idea is to add a new literal
        to the conjecture clause that carries the substitution and
        will definitely be resolved away in the final step of the proof.
        For example: let x be the variable where we are
        interested in the subsitution. Let x occur in the single
        conjecture clause C. Then extend this clause to C,P(x,a,y)
        and add the clause -P(z,u,b), where P is new, and a,b are
        constants. Furthermore make P a minimal predicate using
        a set_DomPred declaration (see the SPASS man page). This
        will force that the final step in the proof is the one that
        eliminates the P literal and the x will be instantiated accordingly.
        To make this work it may be necessary to turn off certain reduction
        rules of SPASS. To get it rid of that, a trick is to extend all
        predicates in C by a further argument with the variable y and all
        other occurrences of these predicate with fresh variables.


@section AUTHORS
@noindent
Thomas Hillenbrand, Dalibor Topic and Christoph Weidenbach

Contact : spass@@mpi-inf.mpg.de

@section SEE ALSO
@noindent
SPASS(1)
